# SDLC

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  To interpret user needs, I "met" with the client to discuss what they expect the end product to be and what it should consist of. To implement the user's needs, I used the information I got from the meeting to create user stories. User stories are used to inform the team about the different features a product should have. They are in the format of "As a (type of user), I want to be able to (feature), so that I can (goal of feature). The user stories also have a section for acceptance critera, which discusses how the feature should work.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  When developing programs in the future, I think incoperating some agile processes would be greatly beneficital. The main process I'd implement is splitting up the work into "sprints" or something of the like. This would help me break down larger projects into smaller pieces that are easier to work with. I would also like to incoperate the use of "daily standups," even if it is just me working on a project. By asking myself what I've accomplished, what I plan to accomplish, and what impenements I might have, I will be able to better plan the development process.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  In my opinion, being a good team member in software development means you will benefit the rest of the team. This includes effective communication, using best practices when coding, and following through with your tasks. By effectively communicating, the team will be on the same page about the progress of the project and about any changes that need to be made. Using best practices when coding should be standard, but is especially important when working with a team. This is important so that more than one team member can work on a program without having to stop and ask the other developers about what the code is doing and should be doing. Lastly, following through with your tasks is important for any team as each member should be held accountable for the work they say they will do. If one team member falls behind due to bad planning or just decides not to finish a task, this will hinder the rest of the team, and the overall progress of the project.
